I feel like I've really learned a ton during the course of my internship. I really enjoyed today because I was able to dive back into the Java code. This time when I hit the API I just used all Java and didn't use any Selenium. These tests are to make sure I get a valid DAM asset (a photo, video, etc.) back for every ID I decide to pass over to the DAM API. This is better overall because it doesn't rely on a web browser. I am just comparing the binaries and don't actually get to enjoy looking at the images. This process also required me to figure out the correct HTTP requests to make to the business' authentication system, which took a little poking around in Chrome's developer tools and keeping an eye on anything that went over the network as I repeatedly walked myself through the login process. After I figured all that out, which took much longer than I had orininally estimated, and after figuring out how to send and HTTP request in Java, passing both parameters and cookies, I finally got the binary printed out in the Java console. I hadn't done that since I built a test which lived on the DAM source code and had, therefor, direct access to the binaries. It really ended up being more work than I had anticipated. Meanwhile, everyone on the team is stressed out trying to get facets on the search to work properly for the new data concepts. That and Beck is frantically pounding away on the UI. We are all rushing to get everything ready for our Alpha 2 release, except for Steve, Reed, and I. We have extra cycles to work on things which will come a little later. Keith particularly is realizing that I'm going to be leaving soon, and is starting to cross train the other members on the team and prepare for when I'm gone. It looks like I'll be missed. I think I going to miss the guys too. I also want to work on refactoring the tests I've built, and getting them out there, because I'm afraid that after I leave the next intern that takes my place will just start over from square one. I need to document everything well, and make sure what I'm doing is clear so that anyone can pick up right where I left off. I really have enjoyed learning all I've been able to learn, and the trust and confidence I'm able to feel from the rest of the team. I don't always know the most important thing to work on, but my coworkers are always willing to find work for me to do. I especially feel valued when a team member asks my opinion, like today when David asked me to help him think through a new data concept for place. I don't know how much I was really able to contribute, but I felt like my thoughts were important to him. Frank and Bill have also asked my help, and sometimes just a second set of eyes on the code they are developing, which helps me to feel more like a developer as well as a tester. Thre cross training is very valuable and I'm always willing to contribute what I can.
